.TH SRTMERGE 1
.SH NAME
srtmerge \- merge 2 subtitles into SubRip SRT or Sub Station Alpha ASS formats
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B srtmerge
.RI [\fBoptions\fR]
[[\fB\-e\fR \fIPAGE\fR] INPUT1.SRT]
[[\fB\-e\fR \fIPAGE\fR] INPUT2.SRT]
[[\fB\-[o|e]\fR \fIPAGE\fR] FILENAME]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B srtmerge
joins two SubRip subtitles into single subtitle with styling and
encoding supports in two different formats SubRip SRT or 
Sub Station Alpha (SubStation Alpha) ASS.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-\-help
Show the help and exit.
.TP
.BR \-\-version
Show version number and exit.
.TP
.BR \-\-license
Show license and exit.
.TP
.BR \-\-debug
Print debug messages.
.TP
.BR \-\-gui
Starts with GUI.
.TP
.BR \-e " " \fIPAGE\fR " " \fIFILENAME\fR
Set the encoding \fIPAGE\fR to the source file.
Default encoding page is 'UTF\-8'.
.TP
.BR \-o " " \fIFILENAME\fR
Set the \fIFILENAME\fR to the output subtitle.
\fIFILENAME\fR can be with SRT (SubRip) or ASS (SubStation Alpha) extension.
Default extension to the output is ASS format.
.SH USAGE
.TP
* Merge sintel_ua.srt and sintel_en.srt to ass format and create sintel_merged.ass file with default UTF\-8 encoding:
srtmerge sintel_ua.srt sintel_en.srt sintel_merged.ass
.TP
* Convert sintel_en.srt to ass format and put output to console: 
srtmerge sintel_en.srt
.TP
* Convert sintel_ua.srt encoded as KOI8U to srt format with UTF\-8 (default) encoding:
srtmerge \-e KOI8U sintel_ua.srt \-o sintel_ua.srt
.TP
* Merge sintel_ua.srt encoded as KOI8U and sintel_en.srt to ass format and create sintel_merged.ass file with UTF\-8 encoding:
srtmerge \-e KOI8U sintel_ua.srt sintel_en.srt sintel_merged.ass

